[ASP.NET Core] Update enrich callbacks to use specific type. (#3749)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet: src/OpenTelemetry.Instrumentation.AspNetCore/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> * [Breaking] `Enrich` callback is split in to three different callbacks based on

Reviewer: **Breaking:**

Reviewer: could use a better description here. Ideally we should make it easy for end users to just read the changelog and understand what changes they'll need.

## Unreleased

> * `Enrich` callback is now split into 3 different callbacks based on the object

Reviewer: we'll need a bigger warning about the breaking change.

Reviewer: See this too : https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/3749#discussion_r991596864
@alanwest We need your help to write a good changelog. (and we can borrow this for all other similar PRs)

> * **[Breaking]** `Enrich` callback is now split into 3 different callbacks based
> on the object that is passed in to enrich activity. The new callbacks are
> `EnrichWithHttpRequest`, `EnrichWithHttpResponse` and `EnrichWithException`.
> ([#3749](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/3749))
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Breaking change** The `Enrich` callback option has been removed.
  For better usability, it has been replaced by three separate options:
  `EnrichWithHttpRequest`, `EnrichWithHttpResponse` and `EnrichWithException`.
  Previously, the single `Enrich` callback required the consumer to detect
  which event triggered the callback to be invoked (e.g., request start,
  response end, or an exception) and then cast the object received to the
  appropriate type: `HttpRequest`, `HttpResponse`, or `Exception`. The separate
  callbacks make it clear what event triggers them and there is no longer the
  need to cast the argument to the expected type.
  ([#3749](https://github.com/open-telemetry/opentelemetry-dotnet/pull/3749))

```

## Unreleased

* **Breaking change** The `Enrich` callback option has been removed.
  For better usability, it has been replaced by three separate options:
  `EnrichWithHttpRequest`, `EnrichWithHttpResponse` and `EnrichWithException`.
  Previously, the single `Enrich` callback required the consumer to detect
  which event triggered the callback to be invoked (e.g., request start,
  response end, or an exception) and then cast the object received to the
  appropriate type: `HttpRequest`, `HttpResponse`, or `Exception`. The separate
  callbacks make it clear what event triggers them and there is no longer the

>   need to cast the argument to the expected type.

Reviewer: 💯
